in the previous video we talked about
the photo OCR pipeline and how that
works in which we would take an image
and pass the image through a sequence of
machine learning components in order to
try to read the text that appears in an
image in this video I'd like to tell you
a bit more about how the individual
components of the photo OCR pipeline
works in particular most of this video
will center around the discussion of
what's called a sliding windows
classifier the first stage of the photo
OCR pipeline was text detection where we
would look at an image like this and
tried to find the regions of text that
appear in this image text detection is
an unusual problem in computer vision
because depending on the length of the
text you trying to find these rectangles
that you try to find can have different
aspect ratios so in order to talk about
detecting things and images let's start
with a simpler example of a pedestrian
detection and we'll then later go back
to apply the ideas from that would
develop in pedestrian detection and
apply them to text attention so in
pedestrian detection you want to take an
image that looks like this and find the
individual pedestrians that appear in
the image so that's one pedestrian that
we found there's a second one a third
one the fourth one the fifth one and the
sixth one and this problem is maybe
slightly simpler than text detection
just for the reason that the aspect
ratio of most pedestrians are pretty
similar and so we can just use a fixed
aspect ratio for these rectangles that
we try to find so by aspect ratio I mean
the ratio between the height and the
width of these rectangles is look
they're all the same for different
pedestrians but for text detection you
know the height to width ratio is this
difference for different lines of text
although for pedestrian detection the
pedestrians can be different distances
away from the camera and so the height
of these rectangles can be different
depending on how far away they are but
the aspect ratio is the same in order to
build a pedestrian detection system
here's how you can go about it let's say
that we decide to standardize on this
sort of aspirational 82 by 3rd
six and we could have chosen some
rounded number like 80 by 40 or
something but 82 by 36 seems over what
we would do is then go and collect a
large training set of positive and
negative examples so here are examples
of 82 by 36 image packages that do
contain pedestrians and here are
examples of images that do not on this
slide I've shown 12 positive examples of
y equals 1 and 12 negative examples with
y equals 0 in a more typical pedestrian
detection application we may have
anywhere from a thousand training
examples up to maybe 10,000 training
examples or even more if you can get
even larger training sets and what you
can do is then train a neural network or
some other learning algorithm to take as
input and an image patch of dimension a
2 by 36 and to classify Y and to
classify that image patch as either
containing a pedestrian or not so this
gives you a way of applying supervised
learning in order to take an image patch
and determine whether or not a
pedestrian appears in that image patch
now let's say we get a new image a test
set image like this and we want to try
to find the pedestrians to the pier in
this image what we will do is start by
taking a rectangular patch of this image
like that shown up here so that's maybe
a 82 by 36 patch of this image and we'll
run that image patch it through our
classifier to determine whether or not
there is a pedestrian in that image
patch and hopefully our classifier will
return y equals 0 for that patch this is
no pedestrian magus we didn't take that
green rectangle and we slide it over a
bit and then run that new image patch to
our classifier to decide if there's a
pedestrian there and having done that we
then slide the window further direct and
run that patch through the classifier
again the amount by which you ship the
rectangle over each time is a parameter
that sometimes called the step size of
the parameter
sometimes also called the stride
parameter and if you step this over one
pixel at a time so you use a step size
or stride of one that usually performs
best that is more competition expensive
and so using a step size of maybe four
pixels at a time or eight pixels at a
time or some large number of pixels
might be more common since you're
they're moving the rectangle a little
bit more each time but so using this
process you continue stepping with the
rectangle over to the right a bit at a
time and running each of these patches
through the classifier until eventually
as you slide this window over the
different locations in the image first
starting with the first row and then
with a further rows in the image you
would then run all of these different
image patches at some step sizes um
stride through your classifier now that
was a pretty small rectangle that all we
don't need to take pedestrians up as one
specific size what we do Nix is then
start to look at larger image patches so
now let's take larger image patches like
those shown here and run those through
the classifier as well and by the way
when I say take a larger image patch
what I really mean is well when you take
an image patch like this what you're
really doing is taking that image patch
and resizing it down to 82 by 36 a so
take this larger patch and resize it to
be a smaller image and then there's this
smaller resize image that is what you
would pass through your crossfire to try
to decide that there's a pedestrian in
that patch and finally you can do this
at even larger skills and run that
sliding windows to the end and after
this whole process hopefully your
algorithm will detect what are the
pedestrians didn't appear in this image
so that's how you train a supervised
learning classifier and then use a
sliding windows classifier use a sliding
windows detector in order to find
pedestrians in an image let's now return
to the text detection example and talk
about that stage in our photo OCR
pipeline where our goals define the text
regions in the image
similar to pedestrian detection we can
come up with a labeled training set with
positive examples and negative examples
with positive examples corresponding to
regions where text appeared so instead
of trying to detect pedestrians we're
now trying to detect text and so the
positive examples are going to be
patches of images where there is text
and negative example is going to be
patches of images where there isn't text
having trained this classifier we can
now apply it to a new image into a test
set image so here's the image that we've
been using as an example now let's say
we run for this example going to run a
sliding windows cross bar at just one
fixed skill just for purpose of
illustration meaning that I'm going to
use just one rectangle size but let's
say I run my little sliding windows
classifier on here lots of little image
patches like this if I do that what I
end up with is a result like this where
the white regions show where my text
detection system thinks it has found
text and so the axis of these two
figures are the same so you know there's
a region up here corresponds the region
up here and so the fact that this is
black up here this represents that the
classifier does not think has found any
text up there whereas the fact that
there's a lot of white stuff here that
reflects that the classifier things has
found a bunch of text over there on the
image well I've done on this image on
the lower left is actually use white to
show where the classify things that has
found text and the different shades of
grey correspond to the probability that
was output by the classifier so lighter
shades of gray